You let him go first
Ye Tianqiang, are you ordering me?
I know the strength of your centipede gang
But I also tell you
I'm forced to beg, and I'm not a vegetarian
You say that?
I'm afraid you are
Do you know the strength of our Wu Gongbang?
What do you mean?
Have you heard of Kowloon Gate?
You said you were called the number one master of the mercenary king
Kowloon Gate at Wong King Tong Ling
That's right, that's him.
What's your relationship with him?
I have worshiped Jiu Ye as my godfather
He said he would cover me
Wang Jiu is mixed up in international relations
How could he like you? You don't believe it, do you?
I'll give Jiu Ye a call, come and listen
Is godfather busy?
Okay, what's the matter?
Oh, here's the richest man in Yunzhou having a conflict with me
Godfather, what do you say?
You are talking about Ye Tianqiang.
Yeah, that's him.
He's a fart
As long as I want
How about just pinching him with two fingers?
Does Ye Tianqiang still want to fight with my godfather?